## Privacy Policy

Last updated: June 13, 2023

This Privacy policy describes our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of your information when you use the service and tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.

We use your personal data to provide and improve the service. By using the service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy policy.

### Interpretation and Definitions

### Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. These shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

### Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy policy:

- __Account__ means a unique account created for you to access our service or parts of our service.

- __Affiliate__ means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.

- __Company__ (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to IMHICIHU-CONICET, Saavedra 15, 5to piso, Ciudad Autónoma de Buenos Aires.

- __Cookies__ are small files that are placed on your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of your browsing history on that website among its many uses.

- __Country__ refers to: Argentina

- __Device__ means any device that can access the service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.

- __Personal Data__ is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

- __Service__ refers to the Website.

- __Service Provider__ means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the company to facilitate the service, to provide the service on behalf of the company, to perform services related to the service or to assist the company in analyzing how the Service is used.
	
- __Usage Data__ refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the service or from the service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

- __Website__ refers to DILA, accessible from [https://imhicihu.gitbook.io/dila](https://imhicihu.gitbook.io/dila)

- __You__ means the individual accessing or using the service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the service, as applicable.


### Collecting and using your personal data

### Types of data collected

### Personal data

While using our service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

- Usage Data

### Usage Data

Usage data is collected automatically when using the service.

Usage data may include information such as your device's internet protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

When you access the service by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our service or when you access the service by or through a mobile device.

### Tracking technologies and Cookies

We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our service and store certain information. Tracking technologies used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our service. The technologies we use may include:

- __Cookies or browser cookies.__ A cookie is a small file placed on your device. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some parts of our service. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our service may use cookies.
- __Web beacons.__ Certain sections of our service and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of a certain section and verifying system and server integrity).

Cookies can be "Persistent" or "Session" cookies. Persistent cookies remain on your personal computer or mobile device when you go offline, while session cookies are deleted as soon as you close your web browser. Learn more about cookies [here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTP_cookie).

We use both session and persistent cookies for the purposes set out below:

- __Necessary / Essential cookies__

	Type: `Session Cookies`

	Administered by: Us

	Purpose: These cookies are essential to provide you with services available through the website and to enable you to use some of its features. They help to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts. Without these cookies, the services that you have asked for cannot be provided, and we only use these cookies to provide you with those services.

- __Cookies policy / Notice acceptance cookies__

	Type: `Persistent Cookies`

	Administered by: Us

	Purpose: These cookies identify if users have accepted the use of cookies on the Website.
	
- __Functionality cookies__

	Type: Persistent cookies

	Administered by: Us

	Purpose: These cookies allow us to remember choices you make when you use the website, such as remembering your login details or language preference. The purpose of these cookies is to provide you with a more personal experience and to avoid you having to re-enter your preferences every time you use the website.

For more information about the cookies we use and your choices regarding cookies, please visit our Cookies policy or the Cookies section of our Privacy policy.


### Use of your personal data

The Company may use personal data for the following purposes:

- __To provide and maintain our service__, including to monitor the usage of our service.
- __To manage your account:__ to manage your registration as a user of the service. The personal data you provide can give you access to different functionalities of the service that are available to you as a registered user.
- __For the performance of a contract:__ the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services you have purchased or of any other contract with us through the service.
- __To contact you:__ To contact you by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.
- __To manage your requests:__ To attend and manage your requests to us.

### Delete Your Personal Data

You have the right to delete or request that we assist in deleting the personal data that we have collected about You.

### Disclosure of Your Personal Data

### Law enforcement

Under certain circumstances, the company may be required to disclose your personal data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

### Other legal requirements

The company may disclose your personal data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

- Comply with a legal obligation
- Protect and defend the rights or property of the company
- Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
- Protect against legal liability

### Security of Your Personal Data

The security of your personal data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

### Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13.


### Links to Other Websites

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy policy of every site you visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

### Changes to this Privacy policy

We may update our Privacy policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy policy on this page.

We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

### Contact us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us:


- By email: `imhicihu` at `gmail` dot `com`
